C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\css\app.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\index.html
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\sample-data\weather.json
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
C:\repos\itenium\StockStore\StockStore\wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\css\app.css
wwwroot\favicon.png
wwwroot\icon-192.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-.NET-Woodsmoke.png
wwwroot\images\socks1.png
wwwroot\images\socks2.png
wwwroot\images\socks3.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Angular-blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-AngularJS-Black.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Arch Linux-Curious Blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-AWS-Ecstasy.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-AWS-Tulip Tree.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Azure-Cerulean.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-AZURE-Piction Blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-CSharp-Persian Indigo.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Docker-Astronaut.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Docker-Bondi Blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Elastic Search-Ripe Lemon.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Flutter Dart Dash-Picton Blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Git-Cinnabar.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Go-Cod Gray.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Google Cloud-Key Lime Pie.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-HTML5-Cod Gray.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Java Script-Golden Dream.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Java-Cod Gray.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Kubernetes-Medium Purple.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-MongoDB-Kabul.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-NODE.JS-Mine Shaft.png
wwwroot\images\socks-not-found.webp
wwwroot\images\Socks-OPEN SOURCE-Golden Grass.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-PHP-Mirage.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-PostgresSQL-Mirage.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Python-Ronchi.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Python-Saffron.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-R-Cerulean Blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-React-blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-REACT-Sky Blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Scrum-Burnt Sienna.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-SQL-Cod Gray.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-TensorFlow-Tulip Tree.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Typescript-Denim.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-TypeScript-Lochmara.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-UI vs UX-Mahogany.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Visual Studio-Hippie Blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Vue-blue.png
wwwroot\images\Socks-Vue-green.png
wwwroot\index.html
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\sample-data\weather.json
